# Password Manager
This repository contains a password manager that allows you to securely _encrypt_ and _decrypt_ your passwords using a strong key generator. It provides a convenient and safe way to store and manage your passwords.

## Features
- Encryption: The password manager uses a key generated by the cryptography library to encrypt your passwords, ensuring they are stored securely.
- Decryption: You can decrypt your passwords whenever you need them, using the same key used for encryption.
- Safe Key Generation: The password manager utilizes the Fernet symmetric encryption algorithm to generate strong encryption keys.
- User-Friendly Interface: The program provides a simple command-line interface that allows you to add new passwords and view existing ones easily.
## Installation
Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:
```git clone https://github.com/your-username/password-manager.git```
Install the required dependencies. You can use pip to install them:
```pip install -r requirements.txt```

## Usage
Run the manager.py script:
```python manager.py```

When prompted, enter the master password. This is the password you will use to access and decrypt your stored passwords.

__Choose one__ of the following options:
- To *add* a new password, type add, and provide the account name and password when prompted.
- To *view* existing passwords, type view. You will be prompted to enter the master password again to ensure security.
- Repeat step 3 as needed to add or view passwords.
- To *quit* the program, type *q*.

## Security Considerations
- __Master Password:__ The security of the password manager relies on the secrecy and strength of the master password. Choose a strong and unique master password and keep it confidential.
- __Key File:__ The key used for encryption and decryption is stored in the *key.key* file. Ensure that this file is kept secure and not accessible to unauthorized individuals.
__Encryption Strength:__ The password manager uses the Fernet symmetric encryption algorithm, which is considered secure. However, it is important to keep the encryption library and dependencies up to date to benefit from any security patches or improvements.

## Contributing
Contributions to this password manager project are welcome! If you find any issues, have suggestions for improvements, or would like to add new features, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License
This project is licensed under the [The MIT License](https://opensource.org/license/mit/). Feel free to use, modify, and distribute this code for personal or commercial purposes.

## Acknowledgements
This project utilizes the cryptography[cryptography](https://cryptography.io/) library for encryption and decryption functionality.
